we despite that we saw a neighborhood a
humble neighborhood street insecurity
not just starting in education there
many people who say he lives in a
neighborhood and have not been educated
it was the first day what is on camera
I came early and they told me
then I cried because I hurt the
formal leg since I was not going to be here
the day that night is wrong that I know
forget when you arrive and forget it
all
professor does not say touch but with his
heart
not only with the heart
in venezuela we are intimately
working for a universe of
beneficiaries that is calculated at 265 thousand
young but these just start
we are learning to play
trumpet to get our family
forward we are
palante with an elephant
the root for me of the social program is
in the exclusion then we do not have to
Strive to include the largest number all
if it is possible to include it in this world
beautiful truth that is our world of
music of the singing orchestra
long